And
The sample of Ms. Gu Qingqing you sent this morning
And the one who was delivered yesterday is called Gu Si.
Ms. Ya's sample
Their genetic sequences are identical
But the name is different
The hair that Mr. Yan gave me
It must be Gu Qingqing himself
This shows that
Xiaobao is the child of Mr. Yan and Gu Qingqing
5 years ago, that woman was Gu Qingqing
But Gu Siya used Gu Qingqing's hair to impersonate her
Mrs. Yan is now because of Xiaobao's relationship
I identified Gu Siya as my daughter-in-law
I have to tell Mrs. Yan the truth quickly
Miss Gu, Doctor
Doctor? Is there a doctor?
Madam Yan time, he is alone and has his own heaven
It will be fine.
My poor son
So much suffering has come through
How could a woman do this?
Why don't you
Really damn
Madam Yan, don't worry.
I will definitely take good care of Shi Qing
Good boy, Shi Qing will depend on you in the future
I will do my best.
It's just that he has Gu Qingqing in his heart now
I'm afraid he won't accept me
Gu Qingqing, that bitch
He doesn't deserve to be married into our family at all
Besides, he did this to my son
Don't worry, you give it to my son.
Gave birth to such a well-behaved and lovely child
The young lady must be your little treasure
Hurry up and save grandma
Grandma, wait for Dad to wake up
Grandma reorganized the wedding for mom and dad
Your family of three can do it.
Happy life together
Thank you grandma
Good boy suffered
Would Mrs. Ye mind not speaking?